Katas UI review - Multiqubit systems (#1813)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/multi_qubit_systems/index.md

**What you should know to start working on this kata:**

> - Basic knowledge of single-qubit gates

Reviewer: Together with the header this reads as "you should know basic knowledge of single-qubit gates", that doesn't sound very well. What is the issue with the current phrasing? I'd keep it as is

Author: Right, I hadn't considered the prerequisites as a follow-up to the first sentence. The reason behind including "basic knowledge" is because it's recommended to state the knowledge level, so the user can measure if they're ready, and "basic gates" isn't very specific. I'll change back every entry for "basic concepts"

- The concept of tensor product

If you need a refresher on these topics, you can check out the previous katas.

@[section]({
    "id": "multi_qubit_systems__introduction",
    "title": "Multi-Qubit Systems"
})

> The Qubit kata covers the concept of a qubit - the basic building block of a quantum computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Qubit kata discussed the concept of a qubit - the basic building block of a quantum computer.
```

@[example]({"id": "multi_qubit_systems__multi_qubit_systems_demo", "codePath": "./examples/MultiQubitSystems.qs"})

> > You might have noticed that you've been "resetting" the qubits at the end of every demo, that is, returning them to $\ket{0}$ state. Q# requires you to return your qubits into the $\ket{0}$ state before they are released at the end of their scope.

Reviewer: The demos are not written by the learner, so this change doesn't really make sense. Suggest
```suggestion
> You might have noticed that every demo has been "resetting" the qubits at the end of the code, that is, returning them to $\ket{0}$ state. Q# requires you to return your qubits into the $\ket{0}$ state before they are released at the end of their scope.
```
